so last night our goal was to get an
official invitation to a stranger's
wedding so amar our sexy cameraman we
dressed up as a hobbit elf hybrid
something and myself started off
thinking would be an easy task for us
but we quickly realized it was not going
to be as easy and then originally
thought the visit looked like it's a
very popular right and I think that's
because that the Jazz Festival is
happening we're hoping it would pick up
in the next half an hour or so okay yeah
here we go okay here we go okay
oh yeah you're just like majorly reject
do we look like drug dealers I don't
think we thought it since we lost the
customer just because we don't have a
lighter
kill your heart night
no lighter no wedding good evening
ladies hello hi who's getting married
ah high five
we finally thought we were on to
something but never got any actual
contact information and then Amarna
amidst of things got a little bit
distracted animation to reality is your
filter your filter from what you choose
to word or Java goats do you have a go
so we're looking for a goat scuse me
excuse me
you have a goat you have a goat what's a
goat
yeah they're [ __ ] awesome yes Sergey
sergiev a goat I have a squirrel if is
do I let them Europe just with mac and
[ __ ] [ __ ] laser yeah exactly exactly
oh sure Yonex all right
we taught the cats to come from ELQ I've
got fear don't let them York but I have
a friend who does that you Charlie
that's our painting I'm like a Picasso
it was amazing how he gave back squares
Rachel
was over but don't settle for failure
god we've got ourselves first on
vacation
we've got one invitation to wedding in
Iran
we got their contact information but
we're seeking something more feasible
than Iran hello hi how are you good my
name is Ammar you're getting married
Hey no he's speaking French in a
powerful say and one of the most
unlikely things happened we met someone
getting married
less than 20 minutes away from my house
in France about it
well we are apparently connecting is
there they know any state of hospital
you said on average boys on car evita at
the ho looks like another success which
is great guys we just got invited to a
stranger's wedding celebrate our victory
with more strangers
crossed off another item off our list
and then add a five with a success with
enough prep time Bachmann can beat
anyone